{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Use the overview picture to choose a spring setup.\
- Plastic (PET) spring has creep and deforms in < 48h.\
- Lasercut metal triple-helix spring is relatively untested but should have the best overall characteristics.\
- Bike hub spring should work if the dimensions match the ones in the picture.\
\
- Print orientations according to Cura picture.\
- Start with base and make sure it matches the 22 mm connectors.\
- Make a test print to check O-ring clearance and thread match. Scale cover in X,Y-direction only.\
- You need a 3 mm O-ring with ID < 37 mm (35 mm)\
- You can also take an O-ring with larger ID and cut it diagonally (see picture). This will seal it as well.\
- Use TPU for TPU_seal\
- Use PET for the spring. After 48h or less the spring will deform due to creep. Keep this in mind.\
- You can also use a square (27 x 27 mm) piece of rubber/silicone as a seal.\
- If the start of the thread on the base is slightly wider due to print bed adherence, use a cutter to trimm it.\
- Bike hub spring dimensions are in the pictures.\
\
\

\f1\b WARNING/DISCLAIMER:
\f0\b0 \
We have tested these on our PANDA ventilator test bed but we can\'92t compare it to a medical PEEP valve since we don\'92t have one. Someone that has a medical PEEP valve should print ours and compare/benchmark it against the medical one. Please post relevant findings. These are not medically approved and should not be used on humans. Use at your own risk and liability.\
The bike spring is magnetic. Under no circumstances bring this device near an MRI.\
\
}